Refactor: Split eval/profiler into optional nvidia-nat-eval package (#1599)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: docs/source/reference/rest-api/evaluate-api.md

It is recommended that the [Evaluating NeMo Agent Toolkit Workflows](../../improve-workflows/evaluate.md) guide be read before proceeding with this detailed documentation.
:::

The evaluation endpoint can be used to start evaluation jobs on a remote NeMo Agent Toolkit server.

Availability requirements:
- `async_endpoints` support (for Dask-backed async job endpoints)
- `nvidia-nat-eval` support (provides evaluation runtime)

For users installing from source:
```bash
uv pip install -e '.[async_endpoints,eval]'
```

For users installing from package distributions:
```bash
pip install "nvidia-nat[async_endpoints,eval]"
```

> The `/evaluate` and `/evaluate/item` routes are registered by the core FastAPI front end and enabled only when `nvidia-nat-eval` is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/evaluate` and `/evaluate/item` routes are registered by the core FastAPI front end and enabled only when `nvidia-nat-eval` and asynchronous endpoint support are installed.
```

Author: addressed
